people don't understand that what makes
hypnosis powerful
is powerful words but they've got to be
super powerful really dynamic incredibly
relevant
and absolutely up to date and if you
combine that powerful language with
shutting down the critical part that
goes you could never do that who's going
to want you you've got four kids and
cellulite if you shut that bit down and
then add in exciting you can have
anything you want
[Music]
hey everyone welcome to impact theory
today's guest is a best-selling author
who's written four books on psychology
and has more than three decades worth of
experience working with some of the most
famous and influential people on the
planet from ceos and royalty to
international superstars and olympic
athletes she's helped facilitate radical
transformations in record time the
founder of rapid transformation therapy
known as the rtt method she's listed in
the tattler guide to britain's best
doctors and has been described as a
british pioneer by men's health magazine
she was the only woman featured in the
article the best of british and in 2018
her rtt method garnered international
attention and won several awards
including eight stevie awards and a
venus award she's also a nutritionist
for men's fitness magazine a frequent
expert contributor on many tv and radio
outlets and interestingly enough is
recognized worldwide as a leading
fertility expert she's a trained
hypnotherapist and rounding out her
incredibly diverse skill set she's even
pursued qualifications from the pritikin
longevity center in her efforts to help
people optimize their lives
so please help me in welcoming the woman
who was named best british therapist in
2006 the author of the weekly mind
column for closer magazine marissa
pierre
welcome that's quite a welcome thank you
very much absolutely i'm excited to have
you here i'm excited to be here i have a
personal obsession with hypnosis
i find it very interesting i've never
actually gone to a hypnotherapist but i
really studied milton erickson for a
while i tried to do some of my own like
sleep well
hypnosis stuff but i found the sound of
my voice so distracting that it never
worked but i'm i'm way intrigued what
led you to hypnotherapy
actually that's a great question so i
was going to be a child psychologist and
i found that really hard work because i
was very young and when you're a child
psychology you have three patients mum
dad child usually divorced and it's like
you've got to work with three people all
on different pages and
i kind of left it and i ended up working
for jane fonda in robertson boulevard
not far from here yeah that was much
more fun
teaching aerobics um i was one of her
trainers and it was kind of intriguing
to me because
i would say every other woman there was
anorexic bulimic
exercise compulsive body dysmorphic
because it got much worse now because i
had this psychology mind and the
psychology background i was fascinated
but why do people do that to themselves
obsess about
what they look like in every calorie and
so i found this amazing hypnotist called
gilboine really by chance although i
don't think there's any such thing as
chance
and he taught me hypnosis and i went
back to jane's students started to work
with all the people that had anorexia
bulimia orthorexia
and that was just going to be my life
i'm going to teach because i love it the
aerobics and see all these clients but
as it happened the universe had other
ideas because i got asked to go on a lot
of shows like big brother and i'm a
celebrity get me out of here
analyzing people which i've always done
and eventually i couldn't work for her
anymore because i was just so busy and
it's been like that ever since i've
always been fascinated by human behavior
but always wanted to shortcut
why do you do that and let's fix it so
what is it about hypnotism that makes it
work is it that people the things that
are [__] them up are like buried deep
in the subconscious like
why hypnotism why was that the radical
breakthrough hypnosis is the actual
grandfather or even psychotherapy people
think hypnotherapy is the poor relative
and it's come along and it's actually in
front of everything a lot of
hypnotherapists don't understand what
hypnotherapy really means and what it
means is
you can shut down the critical part of
your mind that goes i could never speak
in public oh i could never live without
doughnuts that bit shuts down
and while it shuts down you can excite
the imagination interpretable stuff they
simply don't think they could do so give
you an example i was recently having a
medical procedure and the nurse said oh
my god we all know you and we have this
kid and he can't go in the scanner he's
terrified and i said oh i'll show you
what to do and in five minutes he was
loving being in that scanner because i
taught him listen it's how you talk to
yourself if you go i feel like i'm in a
coffin here and i'm ill and i'm in the
scanner and it's reminding me that i
could die and
why would you talk to yourself like that
what you say is i love this this is
amazing i've got half an hour to chill
out and
so people don't understand that what
makes hypnosis powerful
is powerful words but they've got to be
super powerful really dynamic incredibly
relevant and absolutely up to date and
if you combine that powerful language
with shutting down the critical part
that goes you could never do that who's
who's going to want you you've got four
kids and cellulite
if you shut that bit down and then add
in exciting you can have anything you
want
but most people either don't understand
about shutting the bit down
or they don't understand the language so
without diminishing other therapists i
see a lot of people who say things like
now you might just want to think about
being calm it's like
wtf that's not exciting
or they say things like today you're
going to find it easier not to eat cake
and i'm like come on we can do way
better than that excite the imagination
tell people you love saying no to cake
it thrills you
to pick an apple it elates you
to see the scales going down and your
six-pack emerging because you are
motivated and committed and compelled to
say no to sugar
and if you understand the mind it does
what you tell it that's its job
and if you tell it better stuff you have
an amazing life and if you tell it
mediocre stuff
you have a mediocre life you said
something in there that
is really interesting but i don't
understand what you mean by it so you
said um you have to make sure that the
language is not only compelling but
absolutely up to date what do you mean
up to date well i'll give you an example
i worked with somebody who was morbidly
obese and he had a story you know when i
was a baby i was only two pounds i
nearly died my parents had to feed me
every hour
wake me up and if i threw up the food my
mum would cry
auntie has this story like okay but
that's 50 years ago now you're going to
die of being 600 pounds
so you have to talk to the mind and say
this is completely outdated it's it's
behind you so people have a story you
know i can't find a love because my dad
left when i was one i can't find love
because my mum preferred my brother i
can't be a success because i never went
to university i can't speak in public
because i blush
without understanding when you describe
why you can't you keep it going if you
keep talking about the symptom your mind
keeps it alive because
whatever you focus on you get more of
and so a lot of people have language
that's completely irrelevant like yes i
know your dad left when you was one i
know your mother
put you up into foster care and didn't
love you but that's that's then this is
now
and so they have outdated stories
outdated language that i can't do that
because uh
the classic one i held him oh my god my
boyfriend just ripped out my heart
stamped all over it killed me
and if i find love again it will kill me
i'm like darling he got bored and you
would have got bored too if you'd stuck
around and that was your starter
relationship go and find a better one
with someone amazing everything he loved
in you
you didn't take it home with him it's
still there
so don't use that irrelevant i found
love and it killed me when it ended so i
found love the wrong person but i'm
going to find it again with a right
person it's going to be amazing and
compelling he's going to fall in love
with my soul
and he'll be together forever
because you've got to turn your mind on
and it loves exciting words dramatic
words
really loves words that make a picture
so if i said um
to you
you can be the most phenomenal powerful
awesome incredible speaker when you
speak on stage everyone stops so listen
you could hear a pin drop they look at
you they hear what you're saying they
like you the mind goes oh i like this i
know where i'm going here but when you
go
i'm not bad at speaking sometimes i'm
quite good occasionally i really get it
right the mind gives what you're talking
about that's not dramatic enough for me
yeah i'm a huge believer in the power of
self-talk and that the way that you talk
to yourself is going to have a profound
impact on how you move forward and like
you said getting excited and using big
language i i'm way on board with that do
you differentiate it all between simple
repetition and hypnosis and
how often do you recommend people just
to do the simple repetition and and are
there certain outlier cases that you're
like no no you're going to need to go
for full hypnosis well there's certain
rules of your mind that i like to
operate from and one is the mind learns
by repetition so
nobody would go to the gym and go i've
done 500 sit-ups i should have a
six-pack now you know you've got to go
back and do them again and do them again
once you get that six-pack
you can keep it with a little less
repetition and so it is with how we
dialogue with ourselves you know
my passion is to get schools to teach
children to dialogue with themselves
better so repetition is very important
but it's not quite enough you know if
you were a chronic alcoholic and said
right i'm going to say every day i don't
drink i don't drink i don't drink
that probably won't work first of all
the mind doesn't know what don't is when
you say i don't drink it's like saying
i'm not thinking about chocolate you
have to think about the word that's most
descriptive in the sentence it's like
saying
don't think of an orange snowman now
you've got to think of an orange name
and even if you've never seen one in
your life
so
the combination of repetition powerful
words can be more than enough i mean
somebody wrote to me said my kid was
lying on the floor hysterical about her
exams and i played one of your audios
and she got up here i'm going to ace
this and she went and she did ace it and
i could tell even by the side of her
chin that she knew
but for many people they need more they
need you to go back and unpick their
story why do you do what you do what
happened to you
why are you an alcoholic in
understanding why for most people that's
their aha moment
they go oh my god i never knew that's
why i do that oh and then you add in and
now you know you never have to do it
again
yeah that the notion of story and going
back and getting to that point where
somebody
can identify
the moment that the story began that
then triggers a repetition that then you
know locks them in this story how do you
begin to tease out that story and can
people do it for themselves or is this
something that you can it's much better
to go and see one of the people we
trained we have phenomenal rtt
therapists and we do a particular kind
of therapy that's
really taking the world by storm because
it's very simple people come in
and they describe you know i really want
to be successful but
i'd love to be healthier but i want to
find love but i can't get pregnant
because
and the first thing we do is investigate
like a good detective a detective will
lay out pictures and go what's going on
here and they make sense of it
and very much the same some people come
to me again i've got unexplained
infertility what is that went well
there's a clue in the in the in the
description it is unexplained nobody
knows your husband's got crack sperm
that swims straight plenty of it you've
got great eggs great fallopian tubes
perfect womb
but you can't get pregnant because the
the unexplained is here
and many people when they're younger say
things if i got pregnant my dad would
kill me oh my god if i got pregnant with
the end of the world and i mean when i
was 17 thinking i was pregnant oh my god
no disaster oh my god my dad will be so
upset devastated when i wasn't well
thank you god oh yes joy but you see the
mind listens to everything you say the
mind is always switched on
and it records everything and it never
forgets so
in a moment of absolute terror or fear
or pain or anxiety there's something
called an imprint it goes in
so a child whose mother says that cat
will scratch you and give you blood
poisoning or that dog's going to bite
you or that's a dangerous person or
you know i worked a little kid who had a
terrible fear of monsters under the bed
turned out his dad used to say you'll
get run over if you do that you'll kill
yourself if you do that you'll drown if
you do that
turned out his dad was the monster
because he was scaring him all the time
so you get a young person
can be an adult and you get an imprint
and what we do is investigate where
where did this imprint happen when we've
got the imprint which is very easy you
can
ask questions and get the imprint you
can listen to the client's story the one
who said my mum used to cry when i
brought up food and so happy when i ate
or you can use hypnosis and go back like
that and the reason i love hypnosis so
much is you go to the imprint you know
people come to see me within five
minutes they have the imprint there's no
oh how does that make you feel and how
do you feel now and
let's talk more about that and come back
next wednesday at form we'll keep
this going because studies now say
that's that's actually the worst thing
you can do
because you just keep the story alive so
we do the investigating we find the
imprint
and then we we interpret it what does
that mean why do you think you know
your dare telling all these stories
would now leave you to have this monster
under your bed why do you think
at 15 being terrified of being pregnant
could possibly mean that today you've
got an explainability and they work it
out they go
yeah now you say that if i look at those
scenes and look at this scene
it all makes sense and then you
interrupt the belief massively
and then you install a brand new belief
you know you're getting pregnant like a
high school kid on their first date
you're super fertile you've got crack
grade a x your husband's got the sas of
sperm and it's
gonna collide so you bring in the very
powerful language and you are gonna make
a grade a
baby because of course because i want to
be pregnant i'm like no you don't you
want to make a baby
that you carry to full term i have
clients i've been pregnant eight times
you want a perfect bouncing healthy baby
so
it's another example of not telling your
mind what you want so the combination of
the imprint the investigate the
interpret the interrupt and the install
is so powerfully transformational
and the last bit is recorded clients
take it away and they go wow
you know i worked with someone who had
had eight ivf's and each time lost the
baby and i said don't have any more ivf
just get a perfect baby she had some
congenital illness so she had a 50
chance of having a the 4 million 50
chance of not as you know if you're
really clever you can tell your mind to
pick a perfect egg the mind's job is to
do what you tell it
and people don't understand that you
have that much power to go in and tell
your mind to heal
tell your mind to select a perfect grade
a embryo tell your body to tell your
metabolic rate to be super effective
i think this is
it's so powerful but for someone like me
i need to ask the following question
where are the limits of that
well if you said to me i want to be a
brain surgeon tomorrow i'd go well no i
you need a little training to be a brain
surgeon so people do come in with
strange requests i i want to be a famous
actor
how old are you 62. if you go any
accident no and and sometimes i tell
them the truth look that's probably not
going to happen
so you have to be
i wouldn't even say realistic i believe
if you reach for the stars you probably
will get them but sometimes people have
crazy things they want so they will ask
me for strange things that um i i won't
accept but most people ask for very
reasonable things i want love
i want wealth i want like when you start
getting into specific stuff like i want
my body to pick the right egg and
understand i ask this from the place of
i want this to be true so badly
um but like when i think okay no one has
ever thought their way to eternal life
which would be the thing i would spend
my time thinking about
um so
there there is some level of biology is
going to defeat us in that sense so what
i'm trying to figure out is okay because
i think this is a powerful technique and
because i need to believe in it for it
to work i'm trying to figure out the
edge cases i'm willing to accept that
they're they're far so much farther out
than most people that it's better to get
people to shoot for just like craziness
yeah because that way they don't stop
shy yeah but
you know out of curiosity like
where so
one thing that i read in your book that
i was very happy to hear is that you
tell people because i'm always terrified
of the secret which i think is half
amazing and half yeah [__] it just
just imagines you can't just think your
way to something no i think that too so
you tell people in your book you have to
do something every day to move yourself
closer to your dream so like where is
that fine line between like hey i'm
thinking i'm really putting in the work
but then there's also there are
biological realities to be faced and how
do we address those so your beliefs
affect your body your beliefs certainly
affect your biochemistry i've had women
of 58 say could you make me pregnant i
go i know
it's too late why did you wait 30 years
but the mind will follow your
instructions and
it's very important to give yourself the
right instructions of course there are
limits you can't tell yourself you're
going to be an astronaut and people said
i want to be a millionaire what are you
going to do to be a millionaire you
can't go back i'm going to sit at home
and that's the problem with the secret
attract
millions to you what are you going to do
for these ones i want to be have a
six-pack you do need to go to the gym i
want to have great health well stop
eating pizza
and eat better food but once you get the
mind to want it
it's actually easy but when people say
to me i want to be a millionaire then we
tell them well any goal of significance
requires you to learn something new but
then they have a fear of learning
and and of course you're right then when
people come in and go i want this you
have to look at the blocks the number
one block is the fear of rejection
if i make it i might get rejected if i
find love they might leave
if i make all that money people won't
like me anymore so you've got to smash
out of the ballpark the fear of
rejection
you've got to smash out the second
belief that says it's all easy i
remember luther vandross saying you know
people say i'm an overnight success i
sung jingles for kfc for 12 years
it was a long overnight so
you do have to also have that
desire
i mean for me you know i speak in public
i write books
always aware that somebody's going to
hate your book i don't like it i'm like
oh that's okay they can't reject me they
might reject my book most people happen
to love them but to get anywhere in life
you have to get over the fear of
rejection
because people think they're going to
die from rejection but
they really don't
so your whole movement about how to not
let that stuff in is is interesting and
i i want you to explain it to people
because i want to get to the edge cases
of this as well
but tell people about you are enough
well you are enough is a movement that i
started because you know 33 years of
being a therapist i might work with a
movie star an olympic athlete or someone
who's a school teacher
and they all have the same problem and
the problem is almost always i'm not
enough i mean i've worked with so many
addicts thousands of addicts i've never
met one
who ever thought they're enough they'll
say you know
i drink because i'm not enough i use
because i'm not enough i am addicted to
spending because i'm not enough and
what i see many therapists doing is the
client comes in with a list like what i
call a shopping list i i i need to stop
drinking i need to get out of bed i need
to stop shouting at my kids i need to
take care of myself
and they like to go through the list it
takes a long time i go oh forget the
list let's look at what what i call what
lies beneath you know your problem
you think you're enough
where does that you know
a baby who's ever been born because i
shouldn't cry because i don't deserve
attention here i shouldn't throw up on
this white top my mum just bleeps
no baby is ever born believing they're
not enough and so
again we look at where does this come
from this belief you're not enough who
told you that
where did you get that and when they go
oh yes it came from here
it's a game changer because they start
to tell
i'm enough people say but if i'm enough
don't i just lie on the couch and eat
potato chips all day no
when you know you're enough then you go
right i need a better relationship
there's a better career than this a
better better health than this so why do
you think that is that is a true
um movement for that because one thing
that i struggle with with the notion of
somebody just telling themselves that
they're enough i get the underlying
power of repetition
the importance of the words and it feels
like a very good foundation that the
person can build from
but where i struggle is i know that a
lot of times people don't believe it
yeah and so if they don't ever then take
those next steps of learning something
or pushing themselves or doing something
difficult
it the words will ring hollow yeah how
do you help people establish meaning
behind well i wrote a book called i'm
enough and we have a program graham
enough and what that does is it takes
you the process of where does this come
from you're not born with this belief
how did you get it and when they
discover how they got it they're able to
give it up one of my first ever clients
was this beautiful woman very hard to
believe when she said i can never make a
relationship last
and it sounds so silly but she said that
her dad you said her every day you'll
never
ever find anyone that loves you like me
nobody could love you like me you'll
never
find the kind of love that i have and
he programmed when you label someone you
limit them so now she's got an imprint
i'm never going to find love like this
love and guess what she never found
love like that and all you have to do as
a parent is to say i love you because
you're lovable
and all your life you'll find love like
this love because you're worth it
so it's little tiny adjustments that
have the most profound effect on people
and it's never too late to say i'm
enough i can find love and now if you
give someone the power to make you feel
good you give them the power to make you
feel bad and if you do it to yourself
you feel so much better it makes you
slightly bulletproof you still need
other people we all need other people
but the dialoguing with yourself and
starting with i'm enough
i picked that because i found all my
clients addicts binges bulimics
saboteurs hoarders compulsive compulsive
shoplifters they all went back to the
same thing
i'm not enough
i need more
and if you feel enough
you start to feel equal
see most of us feel unequal you're
better than me because you've got money
or you're more attractive than me
but no dog or cat says oh you're better
than me because you're a pedigree a baby
doesn't know that another baby's wearing
designer clothes and they're not they
they have no concept of that so
really what i'm enough is doing is
reactivating
re-manifesting and regenerating what you
were born with an ability to say
i'm enough
that's interesting
so part of i think what happens is
obviously when a baby is born they're
lacking the sort of critical faculties
to navigate the world so
and this is
i put my finger on this because i want
people to understand that i they're
going to struggle so it's it's a little
bit like meditation people think i'm
doing it wrong because they think
there's some magical right that other
people are doing and they're not doing
it like when you start repeating this
stuff in your head i think people will
say to themselves what do you mean
you're not worthy you bought yourself a
target like yeah and you're not
significant whatever
right so learning that a that's a thing
and that that's going to happen that's a
part of a normal human brain it's
designed to keep you safe and alive it's
not designed to propel you forward so
but there are once you understand i mean
this is your language once you
understand how the brain works yeah then
you can go in and begin to tinker with
some of this stuff to get where you want
to go
now the tinkering part is what i want to
get your take on i'll use myself as an
example so
um
i
have experienced things that have given
me the story that i have a bad memory
okay i recognize it as a story
but it's so [__] compelling yeah
because the evidence from the time that
i was a little kid just seems
irrefutable so okay but i i understand
the mind well enough to know hey i'm
screwing myself over here i'm repeating
it which is making it worse
self-fulfilling prophecy okay jim quick
tells me tom you have to stop saying
that i see you today you're like look
you have to stop saying that and so
i totally buy that i have to stop saying
it but i've known that for a long time
and i'm an ultra diligent disciplined
person
but for some reason
i haven't worked up the desire to see
that one through now because i have
enough self-awareness i can guess at the
reason
the biggest reason that i'm hesitant is
like okay look my my energy units are
finite
so
getting a good memory is going to be
difficult and do i want to put the time
and the energy into this yes or no
because it's an allocation of time
resources so when i think about how far
i've gotten despite the fact that i have
a bad memory it's like okay
it's not
that big of a deal to immediately
address so
what all i
want um to convey with this is that
sitting in neutral it won't just happen
no you have to want it correct so that's
my very question
i like being ill it meets all my needs
but how do you get people to build that
desire because i get asked that question
a lot okay so well most people that come
to me don't go hey i've come to see but
i don't want to give up my problem i
mean they do with food they go i want to
be super healthy okay you're going to
stop eating don't i don't want to do
that you've got anything else there's a
difference between i don't want to do
one thing yeah and i want to do it but i
just i i'm not sure of the energy to see
the belief is what you're saying is it's
work
so much work it's no work so what i
would suggest for someone like you is
just monitor how you speak oh i forgot
that you've got a terrible memory i got
i didn't miss that i've got to tell them
and start to say i have a phenomenal
memory i have an outstanding i have a
reliable
foolproof memory so i saw it with my
daughter when she was little she'd leave
the house and come back because she had
so much to remember her school bag and
her swimming stuff and her lunch and i
always say what have you remembered
because i remembered my lunch i
remembered my swimming okay that's so
great that you remember
and very quickly she went from oh
forgotten i've got to go home my mum's
going to be really across the no my
memory is great at the gate it told me
school lunch school coat and of course
if you go to any kid's classroom you'll
see coats and bags they forget
everything and we never go well it's the
memory you see
it disappears with age and i have people
of 90 who can tell you everything about
their childhood and what it was like in
the war
so you have to just make a decision to
tell yourself i have an outstanding
reliable phenomenal incredible
impressive
for perfect big words of course because
you want to excite you and if you say
enough your mind's job is to give you
that memory and then stop saying what
have i forgotten say what have i
remembered and then something else you
do is just say
that will come to me you know
you have to understand the mind a bit so
when you're dealing with a conscious
mind the subconscious doesn't do
anything if you're saying
what's the name of that book or that
restaurant oh i don't know i give up
i've got trouble i mean you just you
suddenly goes oh it's coming to my head
it was this book it was a tim ferriss
book i remember now because you've given
your mind an instruction what is the
name of that book
your mind will go and find it but if you
are still actively looking it doesn't do
it so
we have something good command therapy
you got to command your mind go ahead
and remind me where my passport is
remind me
and and so often it's just really poor
communication you know people say oh god
i'm flying to london tonight and i can
never fall asleep on a plane i just
can't go just like well where are you
going
you don't go anywhere you don't fall you
lie on the plane and you invite sleep to
come do you go i'm lying here
my eyes are heavy and sleep's descending
upon me like a miss
because it's a misdirect of the mind
because you don't fall and you don't go
but when you say sleep's coming to me
and when i i'm in different time zones
all over the world i lie better go right
sleep now send sleep to me now i i
insist on eight hours of sleep i need
eight hours and i tell my mind what i
want but i am very clear
very specific but not uh can i fall
asleep i need to look at i've got to get
up in five hours and now i'm stressed i
just give my mind very clear
instructions you do have to train
yourself a bit
but if you use those words my memory is
impressive and infallible your mind
knows what that looks like and it will
make it real if you just go
i need a better memory
that's not exciting so excite it with
powerful words and
you won't be surprised or you might how
much better it gets but you've got to
give up this belief that it's work
because talking to yourself isn't work
exciting your mind doesn't work going to
the gym is work but saying every day as
you get up
i've got a great memory i can even
imagine my diary and i can see what's in
it
if you tell yourself that it actually
really becomes true and you'll notice
that everyone who's got a good memory
will say my memory is amazing
i have the best memory ever they never
go i've got mind like a sieve i'd forget
my head it wasn't screwed on i would
forget the eyes in my head if they
weren't there
but people with a poor memory they
justify they remind themselves how bad
it is instead of
deciding no i'm going to have a great
memory
i know that people say to you a lot of
times yes you're okay this is easy for
you because nothing bad has ever
happened to you but you actually had a
and i'm so curious to know how you
characterize it you had cancer twice
yeah i was going to say battle and then
i thought i don't know that she was yeah
i didn't use the word battle that's
interesting yeah so
one i'd love to hear how you do
conceptualize it of it and then how you
dealt with it i think would be really
powerful yeah would you look at me say
well you've had an amazing life but you
know my life wasn't awful my father was
a headmaster he was very invested in
other people's kids i just felt like
this kind of
hideous blob that wasn't interesting to
him at all and both my parents told me i
should be a nanny because they obviously
didn't see any potential in me at all
but that isn't to diminish them because
i wouldn't change anything about that
because it made me have that i'll prove
you attitude so i was thought i could
never ever have children and if i got
pregnant i would never carry a baby to
full term
i remember hearing that thinking you
know what i have to not let this in and
that's very important to make a decision
i will not let that in so when i was
told i couldn't have a baby i thought
i'm not letting that in and when i got
pregnant i was told many times you're
going to lose the baby she's going to be
born with something wrong with her
and i talked to her all the time and
told her to grow perfectly and she did
and when i was told i had cancer i mean
of course it's a horrible thing to hear
and i did spend the first two days
thinking oh my god you know what am i
gonna go with this but
because i've taught my mind for so long
to only go towards positive i found
myself on day three singing this song
and it was that song about that song i
feel pretty and witty and
wise but it was saying i'm healing and
my body is healing and it's healing all
the time and
i just made a decision to tell my body
look you you're gonna do wellness now
and so i started to do wellness and i
visualized healing and i visualized it
being very contained and
i visualized myself bouncing back and
three weeks later i was on stage in
costa rica not because i'm super because
i told my body listen i'm i haven't got
time to sit in this hospital bed with
medication do wellness i i really did
command my body to recover
and it sounds like it's all right for
you but
again you have to understand the rules
of the mind your body does what it says
if you go i'm ill i've got cancer now
it's bound to come back and always
looking for signs people say to me you
know i'm a cancer survivor so i'm like
oh no i'm not i'm not because i don't
have it
so i was
obviously surprised when i got it again
but i just had to do the same thing and
say that's it now twice is enough for
anyone i'm i'm done with that and i i
don't refer to a huge amount um but i
started to think maybe maybe it was good
for me to get that because i can look at
other people say listen you always have
a choice i mean i went home the very
next day i knew they gave me a carry bag
of drugs what are they i don't need
those i didn't take any medication
and i just kept telling my body but but
i wasn't in any pain did you do chemo no
no no no no drugs no chemo
what was the actual treatment i had
surgery twice to remove it and actually
the second time i now think i didn't
even need to have done that did they
want you to do chemo
no i was very lucky i got it early on
enough that i didn't have to do it but i
don't think i ever would do that
not to diminish other people who have
but you know again it's that choice tell
your body to do wellness and i kept
telling my body kill the cancer
annihilate the cancer
never caught it my cancer that's my
cancer because i've got my cancer back
or i'm going for my cancer treatment and
when you prefix something with my you
own it
you could look at my shoes aren't they
cool or you're my great t-shirt
but when you say my migraine my headache
my illness my terrible memory
if you put the word my in front of
something it's yours
and if you call it the
it's not yours so i was very committed
to never saying my
it wasn't mine i didn't want it i felt
very lucky that i got in an organ that i
didn't need that was completely
dispensable so that was good i remember
even they think what stroke of luck that
is i don't need a womb it's done its
great job and i talked to him and said
thanks for giving me this great kid
you did a great job and now i'm going to
be here for this great kid so you can
leave and i'm staying
but i find that even with cancer
if you have that belief i'm going to
trial this stuff but it won't work and
you know it's i'm riddled with it and
there's no hope and they start to read
all these terrible diagnosis i mean in
england you are not allowed to say to
them you've got 10 months to live
because that's what happens they turn
into the ten months you cannot diagnose
what do they tell them they just say you
know we're going to do this and this and
you may not survive this but you could
and and in the same way that if you're
having surgery and they go look this is
a complete mess in here there's just no
way
even in surgery your subconscious is
hearing
what's going on around you and
there are many people who come out of a
coma who said you know i heard
everything the hearing is the last thing
to go
and so
if you make a choice to talk to yourself
better
you can bounce back you might as well
use your mind as much as you possibly
can
to be well
i love that that is the perfect way to
wrap that up
where can people find more about you
find your books
drive more deeply marisapair.com you can
find all my books we give away tons of
stuff on wealth blocks money blocks
relationship blocks because we want
people to feel better so go to mauricio
peer.com you can also take the free
bullying program
for your school
if you want to train to do what i do and
change people's lives because it is
amazing go to rapid transformational
therapy.com and if you want to join the
i'm enough we have so many teachers but
regular little kids of six send me their
paintings now send me their bracelets
show me the pictures
go to i'm enough.com
amazing
what is the impact that you want to have
on the world
it's to start i'd love to there be no
clients for therapists i'd love to go
i've got any clients anymore because
everyone feels enough so
you know my all the patients i see are
people who've been damaged by something
in their childhood and while that's
never going to completely go away
my passion is to help people raise their
children so they feel enough because
when you feel enough your life is so
different when you feel not enough
i love it marissa thank you so much for
coming on the show that was wonderful
thank you guys the mind is insanely
powerful and there aren't as many people
that can break it down as clearly and
instructionally step by step the way
that marissa does so i hope that you
will check it out it is powerful give it
a shot all right guys if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe and until
next time my friends be legendary take
care
thank you marissa that was wonderful
thank you so much
if you'll notice invisible doors open
for you and even though you're a science
guy you have a lot of god in your life
whether you realize it or not because
you wouldn't be sitting here right now
being driven by this great force of
inspiration doing the major things that
you've done in this world if you hadn't
been tapped into that source